title: 2015 AGM
slug: 2015-agm
date: 2022-08-26 12:03:03 UTC+12:00
tags: 
category: 
link: 
description: 
type: text
hidetitle: true

# Minutes of WLUG AGM 23/11/2015

Meeting opened at 8:28pm. Apologies William McKee, Chris O’Halloran Rene
Bartosh.

## Present

  - Peter Reutemann
  - Lawrence d’Oliveiro
  - Ian Stewart
  - Tony Templer
  - Roderick Aldridge
  - Ian Young
  - John Thompson

## Approval of previous minutes

Minutes of 2014 AGM were read. Peter moved that they be accepted.
Seconded by Ian Young.

## Presidents Report

Continued to make use of Meetup.com for wlug. Cost of this service is
US$12 per 6 months. Most popular presentations this year were by Baden
Delamore on system security. As yet we have not re-applied to function
as an incorporated society. Plan to do so in 2016. Wlug server was
compromised. Software has been re-installed, but not yet placed back
online. The wikipedia pages, wiki.wlug.org.nz, are being run from
systems of Daniel Lawson. Suggestion of more marketing of wlug around
the University for 2016. One meeting this year could not be held at
Waikato university as the room was booked for exam use. That meeting was
held at The Cook.

Peter moved, and Rod seconded the Presidents Report.

## Treasurers Report

Tony presented the report for 2015. Wlug ended the year with a small
surplus. Tony has recently paid some expenses and needs to coordinate
with Rene and Chris on receiving reimbursement. The payment method to
Orcon for the domain name has changed from quarterly to once every 3
years. Tony will produce a 2015 financial statement such that it can be
submitted if we proceed with reapplying to operate as an incorporated
society.

Tony moved the report be accepted, and Roderick seconded.

## Review of Subscription

Tony moved, Peter seconded that the subscription remain at $20.

## Election of 2016 Committee

  - President - Peter Reutemann
  - Vice-President - Chris O’Halloran
  - Treasurer - Tony Templer
  - Secretary - Ian Stewart
  - General Committee \#1 - Roderick Aldridge
  - General Committee \#2 - Lawrence d’Oliveiro
  - General Committee \#3 - Ian Young

Peter proposed that the Committee remain the same for 2016. Seconded by
Ian Stewart and unanimously agreed.

## General Business

Wlug email anti-spamming software seems to be less aggressive with its
filtering, so continue using our current mailing service.

Meeting closed at 9:33pm.


This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github flavoured markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-02-17.
