title: 2016 AGM
slug: 2016-agm
date: 2022-08-26 12:03:03 UTC+12:00
tags: 
category: 
link: 
description: 
type: text
hidetitle: true

# Minutes of WLUG AGM 28/11/2016

Meeting opened 28 November 2016 at 8:00pm

## Present

  - Roderick Aldridge
  - Lawrence D'Oliveiro
  - William Mckee
  - Peter Reutemann
  - Jeffrey Seymour
  - Ian Stewart
  - Tony Templer
  - John Thompson
  - Ian Young

## Minutes for AGM 2015

The minutes for the 2015 AGM were reviewed. Rod accepted minutes as a
true account and John seconded.

## President Report

Peter thanked our WLUG web-site sponsor Rimu Hosting. He also thanked
the Waikato University Computer Science Department for sponsoring the
room for the monthly meetings. The director of the department has stated
that this sponsorship will be extended for 2017.

The use of Meetup.com has been beneficial in promoting WLUG and
reminding members of the up-coming meetings. We will continue to use
this professional service.

We should aim at re-registering as a society. Our registration lapsed
some years ago. Re-registering will involve a one time cost. We have the
cash on hand to cover this cost.

Peter also stated he is happy to continue as President.

John moved the President report be accepted, and Ian seconded.

## Treasurer Status Update

Tony advised us of the current financial status of WLUG.

Income for 2016: Membership subscriptions were the only source of income
for 2016. Any payments received in cash have been banked. Although WLUG
wiki web-site has advertisements it's assumed that there are not enough
clicks to generate any income.

Expenses: Payment to Meetup.com for providing services, and the purchase
of pizza's on AGM night were the only expenses for 2016. There was no
need to make payment for WLUG Domain Name registration in 2016 as the
payment last year is valid for 3 years.

Bank balance: Income exceeded expenses, so the balance has increased.

A Financial Report will be provided at a Special General Meeting that is
proposed to be on Monday 23 January 2017 at 19:30.

The authority to sign for withdrawals from the WLUG ASB account is
currently with: Chris, Rene, and Peter.

Motion proposed by Peter: John and Ian obtain authority to sign for
withdrawals from the ASB account. Contact Rene and retrieve ASB bank
token generator/dongle and have it authorised to John. Seconded: Ian.

## Election of Committee for 2017

Tony proposed and William seconded that the following committee members
be re-elected in their same position:

  - President: Peter Reutemann
  - Secretary: Ian Stewart
  - General Committee \#1: Rodrick Aldridge
  - General Committee \#2: Lawrence D'Oliveiro
  - General Committee \#3: Ian Young

Ian proposed and John seconded that the Vice-President be decided at the
SGM on 23 January 2017.

Peter proposed John to take over from Tony as Treasurer. Tony will
continue in an assistant role to help John. Seconded: Tony.

## General Business Agenda

1.  Future of Wlug library books:

Discussion of this has been moved to the SGM on 23 January 2017. Chris
currently takes care of storing all the library books. It was suggested
the books could be donated to Hamilton Library.

1.  Subscription:

Ian suggested the WLUG goal should be to have the subscription set to an
amount for the WLUG to break-even rather than generate a profit. John
moved and Rod seconded that the subscription stay at $20 for 2017 year
and be placed on the agenda for the 2017 AGM.

2.  Mailing list policy:

In an attempt to prevent job offer spam on the mailing list, the Mailing
list policy will be modified to include:

*The job offer is open source operating systems related. Job is
suitable for someone resident in NZ. All available details are posted rather than a link.*

Moved by Peter and seconded by Ian.

Peter closed the meeting at: 9:24pm. Peter and William went to get
pizzas.


This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github flavoured markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-02-17.
