title: 2018 AGM
slug: 2018-agm
date: 2022-08-26 12:03:03 UTC+12:00
tags: 
category: 
link: 
description: 
type: text
hidetitle: true

# Minutes of WLUG AGM 2018 - 26 November 2018

## Present:

  - Jeff Seymour
  - Tony Templer
  - Tom Butz
  - Ian Stewart
  - Peter Reutemann
  - Rod Aldridge

## Apologies:

  - Chris O'Halloran
  - Ian Young
  - Lawrence D'Olivero

## Minutes for AGM 2017

The minutes for the 27 November 2017 AGM were reviewed. Peter accepted
the minutes as a true account of the meeting and Rod seconded.

## President's Report

Peter thanked our sponsors for 2018. These were the Waikato University
Computer Science Dept. for providing the meeting room, Rimu Hosting for
providing the hosting of the our web-site and Daniel Lawson for
providing hosting for the WLUG wiki.

Also thanked was our member Tony Templer, whom, with help from Jeff and
Rod, continued to provide the beverages and snacks at our regular
meetings.

Throughout 2018 we had a few new faces coming along to the meetings. The
use of meetup.com to advertise our wlug meetings seems to be effective
in having new people interested in the topic of the month attend. Peter
suggested we continue using the meetup.com service.

A variety of presentations were delivered at our 2018 meetings and
topics included: Cyber security, Amazon's Alexa, R-Sync, Raspberry-Pi,
iRedMail an Open Souce Mail Server and the vulnerabilities of Meltdown
and Spectre.

This year we progressed with the reinstatement of WLUG as an
incorporated society. We await the processing by the Incorporated
Societies of the documents we have submitted.

As Meetup.com is a US based company, our 6 monthly invoice amount
fluctuates slightly due to exchange rates. Thus Peter pays it with his
credit card and WLUG reimburse him.

Peter moved that President's report be accepted and Rod agreed.

## Treasurer's Report

Ian and Tony prepared the Treasurer's Report, which Ian presented. For
the first time in many years we had a small loss. This was primarily due
to the one time charge we incurred for the reinstatement of WLUG as an
incorporated society.

At present our income through subscriptions covers our regular expenses
of continuing our domain name registration and use of Meetup.com.

Although our financial year is from 1st January to 31st December our aim
is that our financial transactions for the year stop on the night of the
AGM on the 4th Monday of November and re-start from the 1st January the
next year. This helps to keep the year field of our bank transaction
dates synchronized with our financial year.

Ian moved the Treasurer's Report be accepted and Peter agreed.

## Election of Committee for 2019

The following Officers and Committee members were elected.

Officers:

  - President: Peter Reutemann. Nominated by Rod.
  - Vice President: Chris O'Hallloran. Nominated by Peter.
  - Treasurer: Tony Templer. Nominated by Ian.
  - Secretary: Ian Stewart. Nominated by Tony.

Committee:

  - Tom Butz. Nominated by Peter.
  - Rod Aldridge. Nominated by Ian.
  - (To be nominated at SGM on 28 January 2019)

## General Business Agenda

1. Peter proposed that an SGM be held on 28 January 2019 as part of our
regular monthly meeting. The SGM will be to discuss minor adjustments to
Wlug Charter of 20 January 2014.

These adjustments include:

  - Quorum for AGM meetings.
  - Removal of sections that are obsolete. E.g. Library books and email
    accounts.
  - Do we need a WLUG seal?

Peter moved, Tom seconded,

In accordance with our WLUG charter this meeting will need to be
advertised by 27 December 2018 and at regular times thereafter.

2. Membership fees are currently $10. Peter proposed it to be kept at
$10. Seconded Ian.

3. Peter will contact Orcon regarding payment of the WLUG Domain Name.
Maybe the monthly invoicing may be changed from monthly to yearly or
alternatively Orcon can perform direct debiting of WLUG account.

Meeting concluded at 9:27pm.


This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github format markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-02-17.
