title: 2010 AGM
slug: 2010-agm
date: 2022-08-26 12:03:03 UTC+12:00
tags: 
category: 
link: 
description: 
type: text
hidetitle: true


# WLUG Annual General Meeting - 22 November 2010

## Announcement:

In accordance with Rule 6 of the charter, I would like to announce to
all members that the Waikato Linux Users Group (Incorporated) will be
holding its Annual General Meeting on Monday, 22 November, 2010, at 7pm,
at the regular meeting location of Room [MS4.G.02](https://www.waikato.ac.nz/contacts/map?MS4)


Several officers and committee members will be stepping down this year.
Society membership has also gone down recently. Present and past members
interested in seeing WLUG continue as an IncorporatedSociety are
encouraged to attend this years AGM to meet quorum requirements and
stand for election.

If a quorum is established and new officers step forward, a bylaw change
is proposed to be voted on. Please see the WlugCharterDiscussion for
more details.

### Note:

To be eligible to vote at the meeting you must have previously been a
financial member (although not necessarily for the 2010 year) and pay
your membership for 2011 at or before the AGM.

To be eligible to vote or stand for office at the AGM members must have
paid a subscription for the 2010 year before the AGM. If you'd like to
stand for committee and have not paid for membership this year, please
do this at the October Meeting or November SaturdayWorkshop.

An amendment about who can vote at the meeting was passed in 2008.

"That the WLUG charter be amended to allow former paid members of the
WLUG of good standing, whose membership has lapsed, to vote at an AGM of
the WLUG with the proviso that they rejoin the WLUG and pay a new
subscription at or before the AGM."


# Minutes of WLUG 2010 AGM - 22 November 2010

## Minutes

Meeting opened at 7:51

JB moves minutes from past AGM be approved, Roderick second

Quorum Established (12 members present of 21 total)

## Presidents Report. Ronnie

Thoughts about last year SFD was good, presentations were not so good.
Saturday workshops good, but we need to mend relationship with Te Whanu
or find a new Venue.

## Treasurers Report

$453 in the bank, SFD cost a little more than expected. Treasurers
report submitted, JB moves Rod seconds it is accepted unanimously.

## Electing Committee

Nominating President. John nominates Ronnie again, Chris O'Halloran
self-nominates for President.

More discussion about direction.

5-4 Chris wins.

Vice President

Nominated Ronnie for Vice President. JB moves Ron Dean second.

Unanimous.

Treasurer

John Nominated by Roderick, seconded by Ronnie. Unanimous. afaik.

Secretary

Wayne Grimsey nominated by JB, second by Chris O'Halloran. Unanimous.

Committee

Sam Lin, Rod Aldridge, Tom Butz voted to General Committee unanimously.

Bruce moves to make Craig Box honorary lifetime member.

What is an honorary member? What is the purpose?

Deferred till next year for more discussion of required bylaw changes.
Esp regarding quorum. Suggested that they should not affect quorum,
unless present to vote.

Sysadmin role amendment proposal not accepted.

Meeting closed 8:59

[to be amended before these records can be accepted as true and correct;
I did not move that we make Craig Box an honorary life member, I moved
that we allow for nomination of honorary life members to recognise those
who have made a substantial contribution to WLUG (as requested by Craig
Box, who would be one of the people that probably deserves this
recognition)] -- zcat

This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github format markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-08-25.
