<h1>Minutes of WLUG AGM - 26 September 2005</h1>
<p><strong>Held at LitB</strong></p>
<p>Meeting opened at 7:16pm.</p>
<h2>1. Membership signup/collection of subscriptions</h2>
<p>27 members signed up, and subscriptions were collected from 18 members.</p>
<h2>2. Apologies</h2>
<p>Sid Swami submits his apologies.</p>
<h2>3. Minutes of 2004 AGM</h2>
<p>Motion: that the minutes are a true and accurate record of the previous
Annual General Meeting</p>
<p>Moved: Matt Brown<br>
Seconded: Lindsay Druett</p>
<h2>4. Matters arising</h2>
<p>There are no matters arising from the previous AGM.</p>
<h2>5. President's report</h2>
<p>Greig presented a report on our successes in the previous year:</p>
<ul>
<li>a change in focus of the meetings - good year for presentations</li>
<li>tidied up legal loose ends</li>
<li>instrumental in the cessation of AuckLUG pretending to be NZLUG</li>
<li>continuted promotion of the wiki a respected and widely used source
    for open source information</li>
</ul>
<p>He noted we have not acheived more active participation in
administration/direction/general members, and suggests that the 2006
committee should address this. He thanked CraigBox ("Craig's legs have
fallen off") and MattBrown ("the Greig award for most enthusiastic and
dedicated member of the committee"), as well as the other members of the
2005 committee. Greig ended by telling the meeting that he personally
enjoyed the challenge of being on the committee since incorporation, but
felt it was time to freshen up and offer some new spaces.</p>
<h2>6. Survey results</h2>
<p>Craig Box presented the results of the 2005 WLUG survey.</p>
<h2>7. Treasurer's report</h2>
<ul>
<li>Balance at last AGM: $852.00</li>
<li>2004-2005 year: $775 income</li>
<li>2004-2005 Expenses: $302.61, including fees for registration of DNS,
    Installfest, refreshments; including petty cash, $359.77</li>
<li>Balance brought forward: $1264.87</li>
</ul>
<h2>8. Changes to charter</h2>
<p>Motion: that Rule 7 be amended, replacing "The committee of the society
shall include the above named officers, as well as 5 (five) extra
members" with "The committee of the society shall include the above
named officers, as well as 3 (three) extra members".</p>
<p>Moved John McPherson<br>
Seconded Matt Brown</p>
<p><strong>Motion passed</strong></p>
<p>Motion: that Rule 6 be amended, replacing "The quorum will be five
members of the committee" with "The quorum will be four members of the
committee".</p>
<p>Moved Craig Box<br>
Seconded Rod Aldridge</p>
<p><strong>Motion passed</strong></p>
<p>Motion: that Rule 6 be amended to remove the sentence "The meeting may
not require the general attendance of the society, in the case of most
disciplinary meetings, or may require full attendance in the case of a
change to the charter or rules of the society.", and that the paragraph
"The committee can call a special general meeting by a pass vote at a
committee meeting. A member may call a SGM if backed by a majority of
the society's membership." be removed and replaced with "The committee
can call a special general meeting by the request of any committee
member. A member may call a SGM if backed by at least 10% of the
society's membership."</p>
<p>Moved: Jamie Curtis<br>
Seconded: Ian McDonald</p>
<p><strong>Motion passed</strong></p>
<h2>9. Election of officers</h2>
<p>The following officers were duly elected:</p>
<ul>
<li>President: Lindsay Druett</li>
<li>Vice President: David Hallett</li>
<li>Secretary: Craig Box</li>
<li>Treasurer: Ian McDonald</li>
</ul>
<p>The following general committee members were duly elected:</p>
<ul>
<li>Matthias Dallmeier</li>
<li>Perry Lorier</li>
<li>Gian Perrone</li>
</ul>
<h2>10. General business</h2>
<p>None.</p>
<p>Meeting closed at 9:05pm.</p>
<p>This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github format markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-08-25.</p>