<h1>Special General Meeting 23/01/2017</h1>
<p>Meeting opened at: 7:59pm</p>
<h2>Present:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Peter Reutemann</li>
<li>Tony Templer</li>
<li>Chris O'Halloran</li>
<li>Lawrence D'Oliveiro</li>
<li>Rod Aldridge</li>
<li>John Thompson</li>
<li>Jeffrey Seymour</li>
<li>Ian Young</li>
<li>Ian Stewart</li>
</ul>
<h2>Election of Vice President</h2>
<p>Chris agree to continue as Vice President. Tony proposed Chris as Vice
President - John seconded.</p>
<h2>General Discussion</h2>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Wlug would like to thank those involved for the hosting of our
    web-site. This includes Daniel Lawson for hosting the wiki and
    RimuHosting of Cambridge the rest of the web-site.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Update on the bank account. The authorised account administrators
    are now Chris and John. Additional authorised signatories are Ian
    and Peter. John is waiting the token from the bank to arrive in the
    mail. John will go to ASB to get his account working.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Library. Most of the wlug library books are out of date. The agreed
    action was: We sift through and take any books of interest. The rest
    will be sent for paper recycling. In the meantime the books are at
    Ian's place. Contact Ian if you want to look through the remainder
    of the book collection.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Re-Registration as an Incorporated Society. We need 5 years of bank
    transactions, so that we can produce financial statements for
    re-registering as an incorporated society. John will go to ASB and
    request this information.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Wlug IT hardware that in recent years has been stored at Sare
    Cresent is not longer of any use to wlug. John will deliver this to
    the Electronic Waste recycler at 5 Johnson Street.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Meeting closed 20:29</p>
<p>This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github flavoured markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-02-17.</p>