title: 2006 AGM
slug: 2006-agm
date: 2022-08-26 12:03:03 UTC+12:00
tags: 
category: 
link: 
description: 
type: text
hidetitle: true

# Minutes of WLUG AGM - 2 October 2006
  
Location: **TW.2.07, University of Waikato**

Meeting opened at 7:45pm.

Present: 19

## 1. Membership signup/collection of subscriptions

Subscriptions have been collected from 20 members (including pre-AGM
signups for the 2006 year).

## 2. Apologies

Matthias Dallmeier submits his apologies.

## 3. Minutes of 2005 AGM

Motion: that the minutes are a true and accurate record of the previous
Annual General Meeting

Moved: Perry Lorier  
Seconded: Alastair Porter

**PASSED**

## 4. Matters arising

There are no matters arising from the previous AGM.

## 5. President's report

Lindsay Druett presented the President's report. He explained that the
year has passed very quickly; after being elected, he was very quickly
approached by members asking what the WLUG could do for new users. From
there the fixit workshops were born - thanks to Bruce Kingsbury for
arranging these events and to Bruce and his family for hosting most of
them.

Software Freedom Day was very well organised - thanks to Craig Box, as
well as Ian McDonald and Bruce for helping out - around 300 CDs were
given away to members of the public. We deliberately didn't run an
Installfest - the promotional part was done via SFD, and fixit workshops
have mostly taken the place of installfests, although it would be good
to again run an installfest in the next year.

We need to thank Orcon for taking over Hoiho's hosting last year, and HP
for donated us a server (through work done by Craig and Ian). We have
also invested in a good quality promotional banner.

Special thanks were made to Craig for 4 years of dedication to WLUG, and
also to Ian and Dave for their support this year, and Perry and Matthias
for their help on the committee.

He would like more members on the committee to take on more of a role -
for this, more support is needed. It is unfortunate that the election is
all a one horse race, with no no other people standing up (and none for
the secretary position\!)

In closing, Lindsay wished to thanks everyone for being WLUG and
especially for everyones help in making SFD happen.

## 6. Treasurer's report

  - Balance at last AGM: $1264.87
  - 2005-2006 year: $1596.10 income
  - 2004-2005 Expenses: $1248.64
  - Balance brought forward: $1655.17

Motion: that the society accepts the accounts as presented by the
treasurer, and that the members do not elect to seek auditing for the
2005/2006 year.

Moved: Craig Box  
Seconded: Lindsay Druett

## 7. Election of officers

The following officers were duly elected:

  - President: Ian McDonald
  - Vice President: Lindsay Druett
  - Secretary: Bruce Kingsbury
  - Treasurer: James Pluck

The following general committee members were duly elected:

  - Simon Green
  - Chris O'Halloran
  - Rod Aldridge

## 10. General business

None.

Meeting closed at 8:39pm.

This document was converted from tikiwiki to gfm (github format markdown) format by Ian Stewart. 2022-08-25.
